chore: add docs for agent daemon (#53)
hoophq/documentation: concepts/agents.mdx

## Standard Mode

The *standard mode* runs the agent as a standalone process. This run as background service.

> Use this mode when ou want a long-live, stable connection that can handle multiple resoruce types with automatic start/stop via the OS service manager. It's ideal for:

Reviewer: quick typo here in `resoruce`

> Use this mode when ou want a long-live, stable connection that can handle multiple resoruce types with automatic start/stop via the OS service manager. It's ideal for:

Author: ```suggestion
Use this mode when you want a long-lived, stable connection that can handle multiple resource types with automatic start/stop via the OS service manager. It's ideal for:
```
